Based on the earnings transcript, Procter & Gamble (P&G) reported strong financial results for the June quarter, with sales, earnings per share, and free cash flow all at or ahead of long-term targets. The company's organic sales growth was 4% to 5% in North America and 10% in developing markets. The company's gross margin improved by 70 basis points to 50.8%, driven by better gross margins and lower SG&A costs. The company's operating margin expanded by 110 basis points to 17.6%, driven by better gross margins and lower SG&A costs. The company's cash performance was excellent, with $10.5 billion of free cash flow and 101% of earnings converted to free cash. The company's cash, which is critical, funds dividend payments to shareholders, and as you know, we have increased dividends every year for the past 51 years at a compound average rate of 10%. This cash also funds share repurchases, and as you saw in the press release and Clayt will talk further, we are going to substantially increase share buyback in the year ahead. At the end of the fiscal year, I like to step back and look at where we have been strategically and where we are going. There is no doubt in my mind that P&G has a more robust business strategy and business model, a stronger portfolio of businesses and brands, stronger core capabilities and strengths and a stronger leadership team and overall organization in 2007 than it has at anytime in the 30 years I have been with the company. In the decade of the '90s, just three businesses accounted for 80% of the value creation of the company. Five businesses accounted for 80% of sales growth, and four accounted for 80% of profit growth. In the first two-thirds of this decade, P&G has 13 very strong businesses that account for more than 80% of enterprise value created in the decade so far. Using our operating TSR model, we have already created 2.5 times as much value for shareholders this decade as we created in the entire decade of the '90s. Organic sales growth in this decade has averaged 6% versus just 4% in the second half of the '90s. In 2000 our focus was on growing the $10 billion brand that accounted for about 50% of net sales and slightly more than that of profits. Between 2000 and 2007, we extended this focus on big leading brands from 50% of company sales and profits to brands accounting for now 80% of sales and 90% of profits. In the year just completed, P&G's 18 heritage billion-dollar brands grew organic sales 6% and profits double-digits. Including Gillette's five heritage billion-dollar brands, our 23 biggest brands grew organic sales 5% and profits double-digits. The 18 next generation billion-dollar brands, those brands with $0.5 billion to $1 billion in annual sales, built organic sales 8% and profits in the high-teens. So combined, these 41 big -- and for the most part, category-leading brands -- account for over 80% of P&G sales and nearly 90% of profit. They are growing organic sales at a rate of 6% and profits 15%, well ahead of the growth of our small brands and at or above long-term company targets. The point is simply this. Where we are focusing strategically and operationally on leading brands with leading market shares driven by leading innovation and widening the market share advantage versus competition, things are going very well. It is instructive to look at market shares over the longer-term. This past year we built significant share in Western Europe and Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa and in China. We held on to leading shares in North America, Southeast Asia and Latin America. What is interesting is to see what has happened to critical growth category and leading brand shares over the longer term. We have significantly widened our share advantage in Fabric Care. In the early '90s, we were the #2 global player. Today P&G has a 34 share, nearly double the next competitor, and we have grown share for seven consecutive years. In Hair Care we achieved global share leadership in 2003 and have maintained our margin of leadership despite intense competitive activity and trade spending. More importantly, we are well-positioned to continue to strengthen our Hair Care position, not only in shampoos where we have been historically strong, but also in conditioners and treatments, styling and yes, even colorings. Our focus on leading Nice 'n Easy brand this last year has paid off with a 2 share point gain. Nice 'n Easy is now the leading home care color brand in the US, and we have a significant new innovation, Perfect 10, in the pipeline. We just announced its launch to retail partners, and Perfect 10 will be on shelves early next calendar year. We are now the leading Oral Care and dentifrice brand and company in the US and within reach of oral care category leadership worldwide. We have dramatically strengthened our position in retail Skin Care. Olay is now the number one Skin Care brand in the world, and P&G has been one of the fastest-growing Skin Care companies over the past five years. We're now surprisingly the number one Fine Fragrance company in the world, with nearly $2.5 billion in sales. We're growing faster than key competitors and generating much stronger returns. We're the global leader in Fem Care with a 37 share. Last year we added a full share point to our global position and more than 2 share points in the US. I think it is important to understand what we have delivered and how we have delivered: with deep consumer understanding, creating and building stronger brands, brands that are built to last, leading innovation year-end and year out, partnering with customers and suppliers, and leveraging our global scale and scope advantages. It is important to understand this history and this track record so you also understand why I am so confident about what we will deliver in the future. I am confident because there is still significant upside for P&G. We have plenty of room to keep growing in each of our strategic growth focus areas. We have a lot of opportunity to keep growing P&G's $23 billion brands. We are proving in category after category that a leading share, even a relatively high share, is not a barrier to growth. We have over a 70 global share in Blades and Razors, but we see plenty of opportunities to grow. We have over 34% global share in Fabric Care, and our innovation leadership is helping us grow share broadly in that business. We have over 36% share of the global diaper market, but we have just started our first big push into India, the country with the largest number of diapering aged babies in the world, and as Jon reported, we're growing strongly in developing markets. There's even greater upside in our Beauty, Health and Personal Care businesses. The Beauty and Health Care categories in which P&G competes are a combined $370 billion market today and are projected to grow 3% to 4% a year for the balance of the decade. We have doubled our share of Beauty and Health over the past decade, and yet we still have only about a 10 share globally. The upside potential in developing markets is also enormous for P&G. We have significant opportunities to increase household penetration, consumer usage frequency and to enter categories where we're not yet present. Countries like China and Russia, the average household today buys about five P&G products per year. The average American households by comparison buys over 20 P&G products a year. Closing this gap, which I'm sure we will do over time, will continue to drive strong growth for years to come. I'm confident in our ability to keep growing P&G's organic sales at least 4% to 6% a year. I'm equally confident in our ability to convert this top line growth to double-digit earnings per share growth, primarily because of the margin expansion opportunities we see across the business. Our sustainable growth model calls for us to deliver 50 to 75 basis points of margin expansion per year, in addition to Gillette synergies. We expect this to come from both gross margin improvement and lower overhead costs as a percent of sales. To improve gross margin going forward, we're going to keep doing the things that drove our progress over the last ten years, generating volume leverage on our fixed cost base, shifting the portfolio to higher gross margin businesses and driving cost savings projects, including better leveraging P&G purchasing scale, increasing our manufacturing base in lower-cost locations and consolidating distribution centers. To improve SG&A costs, we're driving productivity and overhead costs. Since the beginning of this decade, we have reduced overheads of more than 350 basis points, an average of about 50 basis points per year despite the negative impact from the Wella end Gillette acquisitions. If we just hold overhead growth to half the rate of sales growth, we pick up 25 to 50 basis points of margin improvement per year. As we look across the business, we see a number of opportunities, including simplifying our GBU/MDO structure, optimizing how we manage small countries and improving the productivity on our smaller brands. One thing you can expect us to do in the year ahead is to increase our investment in ongoing restructuring. Driving efficiency gains and cost savings in both gross and operating margins sometimes requires restructuring spending. We have an internal budget to fund these investments without the need for big disruptive restructuring programs and separate charges against earnings. Fiscal 2008 will be an investment year to increase productivity and help ensure we sustain growth through the end of this decade and well beyond. So what I want you to take away today is that P&G is well positioned to continue to lead this industry over the long term. We have the right strategies with plenty of room to keep growing. We have a strong portfolio of businesses and brands that represents an attractive mix of categories, leading brands and geographies, and it will get stronger. And we have the right core strengths to keep P&G growing reliably year after year, regardless of the competitive or economic challenges we may face. I'm looking forward to meeting or exceeding the company's growth targets through the end of this decade and beyond. Now I will turn the call back to Clayt.

Overall, the company's performance and outlook are positive, with strong organic sales growth, margin improvement, and a focus on innovation and market expansion. The company's cash performance is excellent, with $10.5 billion of free cash flow and 101% of earnings converted to free cash. The company's share repurchase plan is a significant increase from the previous year, and the company's portfolio review process is ongoing. The company's strategic focus on leading brands with leading market shares and innovation is expected to drive growth in the coming years. However, the company's outlook is subject to risks and uncertainties, including commodity price volatility, competitive pressures, and macroeconomic factors. Overall, the company's performance and outlook are positive, with strong organic sales growth, margin improvement, and a focus on innovation and market expansion. The company's cash performance is excellent, with $10.5 billion of free cash flow and 101% of earnings converted to free cash. The company's share repurchase plan is a significant increase from the previous year, and the company's portfolio review process is ongoing. The company's strategic focus on leading brands with leading market shares and innovation is expected to drive growth in the coming years. However, the company's outlook is subject to risks and uncertainties, including commodity price volatility, competitive pressures, and macroeconomic factors.

Based on this analysis, the short-term impact on the stock price is likely to be positive, with the company's strong performance and outlook likely to drive demand for the stock. The company's share repurchase plan and focus on innovation and market expansion are also likely to be positive for the stock price. However, the company's outlook is subject to risks and uncertainties, which could potentially impact the stock price in the short term. Overall, the short-term impact on the stock price is likely to be positive, with the company's strong performance and outlook likely to drive demand for the stock.

Rating: 1 (Positive impact)